[Music]
Hello honey how are you? I hope you
're enjoying your day. Well, I've
got a poisoned bomb for you. Careful, it
couldn't be any other way than from
Maestro Joe. What a load of nonsense, what a load of nonsense he's let
loose on Twitter. I
'm going to show you yours. I'm reading it. What a
ridiculous thing last night, the truth is,
Survivor had a pretty good
audience share, it was more than 17% and the truth
is that it's not going badly. They're leaders in
their time slot. It's true that with
football, Spanish television is surpassing them.
But let's see, you can't
compete with that. Let's be objective. Even if they
had been the best in the world and had
n't made a mistake,
football would surely win.
The ratings are not bad. Maestro Joe
attributes this to the fact that Olga Moreno wasn't there yesterday,
not on set, not the tweet that says the
ratings are up for Survivor.
The absences, the absences are helping. The
end.
You're ridiculous, I mean, what a huge load of nonsense. I mean, the absences are helping. Well, it must
be yours. You weren't there yesterday
too, and that's why more people are saying it.  I saw the same
because they turn it off when you are there, I mean,
look at the nonsense of that sectarian,
what a way of trying to
link what has nothing to do with one thing
with the other when it is evident that
the modern Flores family draws a lot
more audience than Rocío Carrasco
when they give an interview to Antonio
Bio when something happens some to the CEO
when Olga had it on the plate
the audience has risen more than when
they brought rice to the section it is that they
invented that it was two afternoons just be
announced with great fanfare a
section I spoke to her so that people
would call Rocío and it was such a failure that it
was two afternoons the one of the
presentation and one of the test and she did not
appear anymore look at you of the absences
and they favor go and p really what
nonsense it is that there are some who are so
ridiculous to win the idea for what
about when he is a person in the cause of
Lucio's operation since these
people because they did something very
serious to you man stop flattering man is it
true that you think of this
family say it of  All
because I can't say anything else, I'm
going to have a heart attack. I'm reading this and until
the next video
[Music]